#This legacy firefox extension only works with Gnu Icecat 52.x and Firefox ESR 52.x
## About this extension
* __Create/save/edit/print Rental Applications__ using simple-storage offline on your own computer.
* __Install from addons.mozilla.org__ While Mozilla keeps the legacy addons site working, you can install this extension from https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/rental-application/?src=ss#detail-relnotes'%3ERental%20Application%20Release%20Notes&gid=1&pid=1. 
* __Install from this git repo__ Click rentap.xpi then download it. From about:addons, click the gear and choose Install Add On from File.
* __Run by clicking the icon in the Toolbar at the top of Icecat or Firefox__
* __Form Controls__ The buttons for saving, discarding, etc, are all off to the right. This form is designed for use in a maximized window on a wide-screen of at least 1360 pixels. If used in a smaller window, just scroll to the right to see the buttons. The scroll bar for moving left/right is on the bottom of your Firefox window.
* __Header__ By default, rentap loads with instructions to enter a rental address, city, state, and title for the rental application. Just highlight enter rental address and start typing in the new information. Hit tab to move on to the next line. After entering the new header, type in a name for the header and click +. You can save another header just by editing the current one and clicking + again, but remember to enter a different name before clicking +. If you need to edit a header for any reason (like you forgot to give it a unique name) then click ~ to save your changes to the header. You can have as many headers as you need and select one with the Select Header drop-down list. You can delete the selected header by clicking -. Header information is stored with each application so when brought back up on a future date, the application will look the same as when first entered even if the header had been deleted in the meantime. To set a default header that shows up every time rentap is first opened, click the ->0 button.
* __row/ID/Go__ Each application is saved in it's own ID on a row in a file located wherever Firefox puts simple-storage files (which are kind of like cookies). If you have printed an application, the row and ID are printed under the Applied date; you will be able to retrieve that application on screen by entering the row and clicking Go or pressing Enter. If you have discarded any applications, the row may have changed since last being printed, but the ID will still be the same. Enter the ID and click Go or Enter to retrieve the application. You can also retrieve applications with the Search button.
* __row 0__ If you enter row 0 and click Go, you'll see Instructions by Example which you can print and give to a prospective tenant so they'll know what information you are expecting. You can customize the page and click Save as with any other application.
* __Save__ This button does what you would expect, but pay attention to the mode shown above the title. If the mode is "new", then you are saving a new application on a new last row. If the mode is "edit", then you are saving edits to an existing application. The mode is only "new" on first start and whenever the "New" link is clicked.
* __Search/Next/Prev/Choose Name__ There's a drop-down menu Choose Name that lists names from all applications before doing a search, and after doing a search lists names from all applications that matched the search. The search is global and case insensitive. A double quote is used to tell the search to only match from the beginning of the full name and not any other fields. So, for example, to find all the names starting with d type "d. To clear a search and recover the full list of names, just click Search while the search box is empty, or click New. The Prev and Next buttons cycle through the applications by row number, regardless of search results, starting over when you get to the end. After entering text to search on, you can also just press "Enter" instead of clicking the Search button.
* __Webbrowser go-back/Rental Application go-foward__ After navigating through some applications using methods listed above, clicking your webbroweser's go-back arrow button at top left will do what you expect, but the go-forward arrow button never appears, so there's one conveniently located (in version 1.22 and later) on Rental Application at top left near Firefox's go-back button.
* __Finding all Current Tenants etc.__ Using the global search capabilities, you can, for example, find the applications of all current tenants. To do this, you would add information to each of the Current Tenant's applications, for example curTen, in any field of your choosing. I prefer to put it in the Rented field after the date they started renting. Search on curTen and the Choose Name menu will only show applications that have curTen somewhere on them. Once an applicant is no longer a tenant, you can edit the application again and put prevTen after the end date of the rental period. These are just examples of what is possible.
* __Print__ As with any web page, print with either ctrl-p or (Hamburger-Menu)-\>Print... Set the Range to Current Page, scale to 100% or experiment, and in the Page Setup tab set the Paper Orientation to Landscape. For best printing results, also set the headers and footers all to blank in the Options tab. Also in the Options tab, make sure there isn't a check mark in the box telling Firefox to ignore scaling. The form controls off to the right are invisible when printed, and wouldn't fit on the page anyway. Similar instructions are listed onscreen, and right under those instructions there's a __Toggle Borders__ button that will remove or restore borders around the text input boxes in case the printed borders don't look good. Note that before printing, the size of text-area boxes can be changed by dragging the lower right-corner. However, the new size won't be saved.
* __Discard/Trash/Back/Restore__ This button discards the currently displayed application to the Trash. Once there's some Trash, it can be viewed by clicking the Trash button. After viewing applications in the Trash, one way to return is to click Back. Another way is to restore the application by clicking Restore. Discarding applications will change the row numbers of those applications that follow, but all the ID's will be the same. Jumping to an ID that's in the trash will take you to that ID in the Trash without clicking the Trash button. Similarly, jumping to a kept Application by entering it's ID will take you out of the Trash without clicking Back/Restore.
* __Del__ Only visible in Trash. Use this with caution, it can't be reversed. Deleting an application makes it so that you can never see it again because the information is replaced with null, but doesn't free up the ID. Once an ID is used, it can't be re-used other than by replacing all the information by editing. Once deleted, the ID can never be used in any way. By not allowing ID's to be deleted, all ID's are permanent and don't change just because another application was deleted. Rows do change though when other applications are deleted because there's never any gaps in the row numbers that can be displayed. If you try to jump to a deleted application by entering it's ID, you'll just get a pop-up window telling you it was deleted. If the application deleted had the highest numbered ID, that ID will become available and be re-used automatically on the next saved New application.
* __CSV and SQL__ Originally, I planned to store the applications in an SQLite database named rentap.sqlite which could be placed wherever you wanted and accessed from any SQLite capable application, such as SQLite Manager available as an add-on to Firefox. I haven't figured out how to interact directly with SQLite databases from my add-on yet. However, I've included some boxes and buttons to help in storing applications in a file called rentap.sqlite. I recommend installing the SQLite Manager add-on and setting it to open in a tab instead of a separate window. For more details, see the end of the Tutorial for version 1.21
