# Backing Up All Those Rental Applications You Entered #

Update: Starting with version 1.10, you no longer have to backup the entire mozilla folder that contains the Firefox profile folder. Now you can just backup store.json. I don't know if fiefox-sync will work as well. _See Where's the data stored, anyway?_ below.

## <a href='http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/what-firefox-sync'>Firefox Sync</a> won't do it for you ##

When a thunderstorm re-booted my computer at a critical moment during a system upgrade, I ended up having to do a clean install of my computer's operating system. I learned the hard way that Firefox Sync doesn't save the data you enter into _Rental Application_ even if you tell it to save add-ons. Luckily, I had saved all the paper applications and so re-entered them. I then set to work on finding a way to backup that data because that's a lot of work to re-enter everything.


## Where's the data stored, anyway? ##

All the data you enter into _Rental Application_ gets stored in a file called _store.json_ located in a folder called _Simple Storage_. That folder is buried deep in your personal profile for Firefox. It turns out simply backing up _store.json_ isn't enough though. If you do a clean install of Firefox and _Rental Application_ and then copy the backed up _store.json_ into the empty _Simple Storage_ folder, _Rental Application_ won't be able to access the data in _store.json_, and I haven't really figured out why not. The solution is to backup the entire Firefox profile or the entire Mozilla directory that contains that profile. More on that later. For now, I still want to answer the question this section is about.

The first step to finding the _Simple Storage_ folder is to find what profile Firefox is using. Instructions on that can be found here: <a href='http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Profiles'>Firefox Profile</a> The short instructions would be: Help -> Troubleshooting Information, then click the button that says _Open Directory_ or _Open Containing Folder_ or something like that. Once you've opened your Firefox profile folder, double-click on the folder called _jetpack_. This is probably the only Firefox extension you have that stores data in _jetpack_, but you will still see at least two directories because of a change that was made in the naming of where to store stuff. You should double-click into the folder that ends with _@jetpack_. It will be something like _jid1-E1afJi6vbTfsRg@jetpack_. You've finally found _Simple Storage_. Double click into that and you'll see the small file _store.json_ that contains all the Rental Applications you entered.

## How to do a proper backup ##

First, find your <a href='http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Profiles'>Firefox Profile Folder</a> which you can probably open by Help -> Troubleshooting Information, _Open Directory_ or _Open Containing Folder_ button, or something like that. What you want to do is to backup the entire mozilla folder that contains that profile folder. So, for example, on my Ubuntu computer, my Firefox Profile folder is at the following location: /home/colin/.mozilla/firefox/0apubl2p.default, and I backup /home/colin/.mozilla. If I ever have to do a clean install of my computer's operating system, Ubuntu, I can fully restore Firefox back to how it was just by deleting the new /home/colin/.mozilla folder and copying the backup into it's place. If you do that, you won't even have to run Firefox Sync. This is a more complete backup than that. When you open Firefox after restoring your backed up mozilla folder containing your profile, it will be just like it was when you last backed up that mozilla folder. There will be no need to run Firefox Sync, and all the data will still be in _Rental Application_.